CodeQL: Best practices follow-up (#6774)
github/codeql: docs/best-practices/overview.md

# Overview

> This directory contains documments describing recurring challenges and our current best soloutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains documents describing recurring challenges and our current best solutions.
```
